Rename PAINT to PALETTE (#4161)
paritytech/substrate: docs/Structure.adoc

* _found in_: `/client`
* _crates prefix_: `substrate-`
* _constraints_:
** crates may not (dev-)depend on any `palette-`-crates

In the client you can find a set of crates to construct the outer substrate-node, implementing outer runtime interfaces, thus it depends on `runtime`. It provides the outer building blocks like transaction queue, networking layer, database backend, full* and light-client support.

=== PALETTE (formerly `srml`)

* _found in_: `/palette`
* _crates prefix_: `palette-` and `pallet-`
* _constraints_:
** all crates that go on chain must be `[no_std]`
** must not (dev-)depend on anything in `/client`

PALETTE is a set of modules that implement specific transition functions and features one might want to have in their runtime.

_Pallets_ are individual modules within _Palette._ These are containers that host domain-specific logic. They have the `pallet-` prefix. For example, `pallet-staking` contains logic for staking tokens.

> There are a few crates with the `palette-` prefix. These do not contain domain-specific logic. Rather, they support Palette interfaces. These are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are a few crates with the `palette-` prefix. These do not contain domain-specific logic. Rather, they are the main Palette support infrastructure. These are:
```

....
+---------------+       +----------------+
|               |       |                |

> |    runtime    +<------+   palette        |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|    runtime    +<------+   palette      |
```
